This is what we are going to build in this
course. Here we can see a graph that show
us the devices that we manage. We have total
9 devices with 2 cisco devices and 7 mikrotik devices.
Here we can see last event. This is show us
the 10 last event that our application do.
We have a navbar in the top. If we click Device
List, we will see the list of all devices
that managed by our application.
If we want to add, edit, or delete a device,
we can do that in the django admin.
Here we can edit device by click the device that we
want to edit.
We can also add a new device by clicking
add device here.
Type the IP Address, Hostname, Username, Password, and ssh port.
Also we
need to devine the vendor, is this Mikrotik or Cisco.
Let’s back to our apps. Here we can also
see Configure menu.
Here, we can configure our devices. Let’s say we want to configure 10.1.1.1 which is mikrotik device, and 10.1.1.2
which is cisco devices. Here we can type the mikrotik command. And here we can type the cisco command.
Later the application will
decide, if the device is mikrotik, so the
application will send the mikrotik command.
And if the device is cisco, so the application
will send the cisco command.
Here we also have verify config menu.
Here we can verify the configuration on all of devices.
Let’s say we want to see the ip address
configuration on all devices. We just need
to check all devices and type the command
to display ip address here.
And this is the result.
Last, we have a Log menu here. Here we can
see the history of our application.